[Docs] readme and contributing.md (#4230)
layer5io/layer5: README.md

<p style="clear:both;">
<h1><a name="contributing"></a><a name="community"></a> <a href="https://layer5.io/community">Community</a> and <a href="https://layer5.io/community/handbook">Contributions</a></h1>

> <p> We would love to accept your contributions! This project is community-built and welcomes collaboration.Before getting started, please review our <a href="https://github.com/layer5io/layer5/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md">Contributing Guidelines</a>. Contributions, updates, <a href="/../../issues">discrepancy reports</a> and <a href="/../../pulls">pull requests</a> are all appreciated. Contributors are expected to adhere to the <a href="https://github.com/cncf/foundation/blob/master/code-of-conduct.md">CNCF Code of Conduct</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p> We warmly welcome all contributors! Our projects are community-built and each welcomes open collaboration. As you get started, please review this project's <a href="https://github.com/layer5io/layer5/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md">contributing guidelines</a>. Whether you are a user or code contributor and whether your opening an <a href="/../../issues">issue</a> or a <a href="/../../pulls">pull requests</a>, know that any form of your engagement is considered contribution and is appreciated. Contributors are expected to adhere to the <a href="https://github.com/cncf/foundation/blob/master/code-of-conduct.md">CNCF Code of Conduct</a>.
```
